We met last week Friday for our second campsite meeting. I apologize, I forgot to send a calendar invite for it.

During the meeting, we brought up a couple points.

### The 1st big thing
#### We're working with UOG and GDOE to get FCC into their Cyber Summer summer camp.

1. Many kids in Guam lack good education in Math and English.
2. Coding classes are also almost non-existant here on island.
UOG and GDOE want to address those issues by offering FCC material as a part of their Cyber Summer summer camp.

UOG and GDOE are able to push this out this fast only if we can get over 2 hurdles:

    1. We need to make sure the FCC material we use has High School / College level math concepts. That would be Algebra, Trigonometry, Pre-Calculus, etc.
    	* If you want to help us find FCC material that satisfies that, please let us know in Gitter.
        * If you can come up with a good argument of how Programming as a whole satisfies a math/English course, also please let us know.

    2. As for as I know, UOG and GDOE want to give college credits to the High Schoolers that pass. They may have to give credits in order for this program to take place.

    The problem is FCC is Free. Credits are not. DOCOMO will be paying for the credits at least for this summer, but that doesn't change the fact that there is money moving around. Charging for FCC content is against FCC's policy.

    The "plan" to get over that is to offer a project-based course for only the people that have completed the FCC material. The project would require the knowledge gained from doing FCC. We then grade and give credits to the students based on their completion of the project. 

    We have Justin, the FCC Councelor here. Hopefully we can start a conversation with him on how to solve this. 

    Write out your ideas here everyone!

### The 2nd big thing
#### We are getting closer and closer to going public with this. We need to figure out how to handle the big reveal!

We need to make sure this makes a big splash.
We need to put something together so that when people join our campsite, They have everything they need to move forward and get integrated with the community.
When they join, they need to say "Wow this thing is big. These guys got their acts together. They know what they want and they're moving toward their goal". You know, stuff like that :)



That is what Cyber Summer is for.

