---
title: Campsite Meeting 4
---

# Campsite Meeting #4  
Date: May 6, 2016

Written: May 9, 2016


This week was another large turn-out! We got the UDP room and I think only 1 chair wasn't taken.  
I believe this week marked the beginning of progress in our FCC projects. People are beginning to step up and help build FCC Guam into something great.

There are a few workspaces up for people to contribute to:

1. We put up a workspace for people to help out with the Cyber Summer project. Cyber Summer is a summer course that UOG and GDOE are doing this summer for High School kids. It is focused on Math and English with an emphasis on technology. We are working with UOG and GDOE to try and get FCC to be part of that course.  
If you'd like to help our with [this project](https://github.com/Chovin/FreeCodeCampGuamHelp/tree/master/CyberSummer), please let us know [here](https://github.com/Chovin/FreeCodeCampGuamHelp/blob/master/CyberSummer/Project%20Team.md)

2. We decided to make a defined course of challenges that our campers can follow. Every campsite meeting, we'll go through the challenges for the week. That way nobody gets left behind and we can all put in our input and learn together. We'll also be recording these on GitHub so that new campers can follow them and catch up.  
I went ahead and called it the Learning Trail for our Campsite Alpha. Feel free to come up with better names :stuck_out_tongue:   
If you'd like to help our with [this project](https://github.com/Chovin/FreeCodeCampGuamHelp/tree/master/CampsiteAlpha), please let us know [here](https://github.com/Chovin/FreeCodeCampGuamHelp/blob/master/CampsiteAlpha/Project%20Team.md)

So on that note, if you're not past challenge 14 yet, please let us know on Gitter so that we can help you get caught up on the Learning Trail!